README.md, before:

# EXPLORUM

Here I am attempting to build a relatively basic full stack application usingRuby on Rails, in order to practice its use and build upon my 
understanding of the framework.

**Specs and setup**

Ruby version: 2.6.3

Dependencies setup:

- Fork and clone this repo
- Run 'bundle install' within the root

DB setup:

- rails db:create
- rails db:migrate

Test procedure:

- run 'rspec'

**Current objectives**

```
As a User
Because I am looking for a sit to log my thoughts
I wish to visit the Explorum via the airlock [status: complete]
```

```
As a User
So that I may express my desire to leave a message to the world
I wish to make posts [status: complete]
```

```
As a User
So that I may witness the messages and chatter of others
I wish to see all posts [status: complete]
```
```
As a User
So that I may have context
I wish to see these posts with readably formatted timestamps
[status: in progress]
```

I'm also hoping to properly understand and apply SASS in order to improve the look and feel of the web application (as it is currently very
rugged and unrefined). However, I'm also crucially hoping to continue working on user stories and features.

Commit message:

Docs: Update and extend user stories

README.md, after:

# EXPLORUM

Here I am attempting to build a relatively basic full stack application usingRuby on Rails, in order to practice its use and build upon my
understanding of the framework.

**Specs and setup**

Ruby version: 2.6.3

Dependencies setup:

- Fork and clone this repo
- Run 'bundle install' within the root

DB setup:

- rails db:create
- rails db:migrate

Test procedure:

- run 'rspec'

**Current objectives**

```
As a User
Because I am looking for a site to log my thoughts
I wish to visit the Explorum via the airlock [status: complete]
```

```
As a User
So that I may express my desire to leave a message to the world
I wish to make logs [status: complete]
```

```
As a User
So that I may witness the messages and chatter of others
I wish to see all logs [status: complete]
```

```
As a User
So that I may have context
I wish to see these logs with readably formatted timestamps
[status: complete]
```

```
As a User
So that I can have a presence
I wish to sign up
[status: pending]
```

```
As a User
So that I can make use of this presence
I wish to be able to log in and out
[status: pending]
```

I'm also hoping to properly understand and apply SASS in order to improve the look and feel of the web application (as it is currently very
rugged and unrefined). However, I'm also crucially hoping to continue working on user stories and features.
